We are Royal group of companies where we deal in products, fabrics, embroidery/textile machinery, etc. We are also manufacturer of grey fabrics, embroidery works etc. As we are located at Surat, Gujarat which known for its textile market and diamond market, we are having a very good knowledge in that field too.
VEBONN is the part of Royal group of companies where we are manufacturing tracks pants for women as well as men. Our aim is to build our own brand and we will be also launching our t-shirts, ladies top etc. very soon.

Vebonn’s standards of quality are just best of the best right from where the brand was founded. Every piece is created by artisans (our labor’s) who have dedicated their lives to learning the art of making beautiful and practical stitching goods.
We are very proud that we’ve built long-standing relationships with our production labor’s, each one rooted in trust and a commitment to excellence.

We are designing our product which can become a lifestyle for all our end users.
Our constant efforts in innovation with new designs, fabrics and processes is our own benchmark which is something we take immense pride in.

Relaxation and flexibility are something that decreases the effects of stress on your mind and body. So, it is a style of clothing where you feel always energetic in our daily life like workout, coffee date, chilling with Netflix inside, quick trip, running it can be anything.



We have a high production capacity to handle your large orders.
We have established a solid know-how of best practices for manufacturing high quality products.
Customer Service Excellence
For over 30 years in the industry, we have cultivated a customer focused culture. Our employees make it a commitment to focus on the needs of the customers first. The success of our organization has been the value we put on our customer. We make it a serious matter to listen to our customer views and needs. Our employees are put through a communication training to effectively listen to our customers.

One of our key success factor has been delivering quality services to customers. We have taken our customers’ needs very seriously. It is proven through our repeated businesses from our customers. We work as a team and aim only for a high customer satisfaction.

Solid Partnership in Supply Chain
We have put significant efforts to improve our turnaround time and support the needs of our customers. We have built a strong partner ecosystem to enable access to resources and better service our customers’ demands. This includes key partnerships such as fabric sources, yarn, textile dye, etc. It provides us an advantage to available resources on-demand during critical production lead times.

With our solid partnerships, we are able to increase our production efficiency and drive a fast order-to-delivery process for our customers like no others. Our customers can rest assured to receive high quality and speedy delivery of their shipment.

Retention of Expertise
We can proudly say that we have about only a 1% turnover within our organization. We have a family-like corporate cultural. We treat the people who work here like family. Our close knit culture helps make the atmosphere enjoyable for employees to come to work as much as going home.

We have sustained a 25% rate of total employees who have been with us for over 10 years. We take pride in making the environment comfortable for employees to communication input across all areas of the organization. We believe that when our staff are happy and know each other well, they are more likely to share ideas with each other and help the company to continuously grow.

We think and act smart. We never stop learning and we value the importance of training for the development of employees’ knowledge and skills. Our best practices through knowledge sharing and the training programs promote a good source in uplifting the employees’ competence.

We provide a healthy and balance well-being for our employees. Each year, we celebrate the sportsfest event. The program encourages employees to participate for various sports and other recreational competition. The event highlights in establishing better socialization and sportsmanship with co-employees.

As a desirable workplace, we ensure that all employees work in a happy environment living by example with others through our corporate mission and values.